internal/README.md, before:

# Internal

This folder should be for your internal process.
As we know, Golang using kind of package-system. Every folder we can say as a package. And it can be imported to another projects as a library.
So to avoid detail implementations like handling database, handling cache exported publicly. We put all of it in the internal package.

The idea for this folder is comes from the Golang compiler itself. As described here: [Release Notes Go 1.4](https://golang.org/doc/go1.4#internalpackages).
So all of function, struct or even interface here won't be able imported to outside of this projects (external-projects). But it's still can be imported in this projects.

\*External project means other projects other than this. Let say, we have auth service written in Go. And we have this projects. The Auth service will able to import this project as a module/library and used the functionality. And upon imports all the details like very specific implementations that stored in `/internal` won't be able visible to auth service.

Commit message:

feat: restrcuture the code directory

internal/README.md, after:

# Internal Directory Guidelines

This directory is designated for internal processes. Golang operates on a package system, where each directory is effectively treated as a package. These packages can be imported into other projects as libraries. To prevent the exposure of detailed implementations, such as database handling or cache management, to the public, these are encapsulated within the internal package.

The concept of the internal folder is inspired directly by the Golang compiler. This approach is detailed in the [Release Notes Go 1.4](https://golang.org/doc/go1.4#internalpackages). Consequently, functions, structures, or interfaces within this directory are inaccessible for importation by external projects but remain available for use within this project.

An "external project" refers to any project distinct from the current one. For instance, if there is an authentication service written in Go and this project, the authentication service can incorporate this project as a module/library. However, it will not have visibility into the specific implementations housed within the /internal directory.
